What's your look?
Have you ever treated your biological parents this way?
biological mother. Have you seen all this?
This is his attitude towards us now.
Don't worry, I'll talk about him later.
It’s also our fault that we didn’t teach him well,
Last time we kindly went to visit our son-in-law in the nursing home with gifts.
He was so bad that he didn't even give us a good look.
Qiao Ni, sister-in-law, this is really the case.
How to do this to your biological parents
It doesn't look like you either
People can't forget their origins
It's my turn to speak, right?
So different
You sold me for a good price
Put ten million in your pocket
In less than five days, I lost a golden light
You still dress me like my in-laws and get paid
Don't you just try every possible means?
You're afraid that I'll live a familiar life, right?
Why don't you even have the face of your own parents?
You are left with a conscience
You have a conscience, but you are afraid of foreign affairs.